swing it's a blade and AMD has sponsored
this video to have a look at
it there we go as is expected razer's
packaging is very nice and it's even a
bit green now go green with razor soy
ink eco-friendly nature I guess it's
good you
can there we
go for gamers by Gamers oh
wow all right let's have a look here
plug it in turn it on oh and it has a
webcam switch I really like those it's
the rules you include stickers they go
on everyone has to comply business team
not happy right now oh wait I went and
grab my microfiber cloth cuz I got
fingerprints on it but they also include
a microfiber claw this does seem pretty
necessary as an inclusion as well cuz
even though this matte black finish does
look really cool it also is a massive
fingerprint magnet which is a bit too
bad now for a 14-in laptop the iio on
this is actually pretty decent so on the
right hand side we have Thunderbolt 4
wait no no no USB 4 which is basically
the same thing but this is an AMD laptop
USB type a full sizee HDMI 2.1 other
side we have headphone microphone combo
Jack another USB 4 full size type A and
that's where we plug in our power
adapter I know it's fully expected with
Razer laptop but dang it does feel good
like Twisted it here this new razor
blade has has titanium inside of it to
make it extra extra stiff and yep that's
that's a really really stiff laptop I am
not surprised in the slightest Razer has
been making really really high quality
chassis for a long time much longer than
basically every other windows OEM one
thing that I just noticed that I really
like is that even though they do have
this stupid sticker right here that
tells you all of the stuff there's a
little tab so oh all of that's gone love
it there's nothing course and you have
one of those great big stickers right
here and it it just never comes all the
way off do we do it yeah yeah first
thing I can see easily is that this
display is fantastic it's 240 HZ so
gaming on it going to be great and also
it is it's not 1440p it's 1600p so
that's the 16 by10 version of 1440p
which is absolutely perfect for a laptop
like this I love it so much that laptop
makers have moved towards 16x 10
displays that are,
1600p high refresh rate it is incredible
and also incredible is the color
accuracy of this thing in SDR the color
accuracy of this display is
1.3 that is exceptional you expect less
than two for professional color work so
that means that if you want to be doing
video editing or photo editing or stuff
like that on this display you can 100%
trust that the colors that you see are
the the actual colors also great is the
brightness Razer says this can do 500
nits and we measured it at 526 so full
marks there excellent this right here
has mhc2 profile tags bit nerdy tangent
in the past on a Windows laptop you just
have to select a color space and hope
for the best whatever your content is
gets mapped to that so say that your
display like this one right here is able
to cover all of DCI P3 so if you have
SDR content which does doesn't cover as
many colors it's going to get
oversaturated to fit into that dcip P3
color space going back to the mhc2
profile Windows now knows the
capabilities of this display so it's
able to take what the app wants what the
display can do and figure out the most
accurate way to put those together this
is something that Apple has been doing
for a while with their MacBooks but it's
very difficult on a Windows ecosystem
because so many display is every single
display needs its own profile so if
you're making more than like four
laptops it's a lot of them that said
though this right here is one of the
very first ones that comes with that
color mapping so you can trust it you
can trust it quite a bit also awesome
the performance of this thing in here we
have a ryzen
98945 HS which is eight course 16
threads and it has the AI right here AI
you can see it AI right now we can show
off this AI by going in here if you go
to manage camera integrated camera right
here we have background effects heck
yeah so this right here you're only able
to do it within Windows if you have an
npu so that's a neural processing unit
and it does AI stuff for you if you
don't care so much about just blurring
the background or having Auto eye
contact which I I feel really strange
using but anyway it uses AI to do that
but also if you're in Photoshop or
Lightroom the npu is going to be doing
that offloading that processing from
your CPU or your GPU that means you have
better battery life things run smoother
it's overall just good it's too bad that
so many people have
just taken Ai and driven it into the
ground cuz in stuff like this it's
actually pretty nice npu you want it AI
in your doorbell maybe not and here we
also have 32 GB of 5600 megga transfer
per second ram a 1 terb Samsung nvme SSD
WiFi 7 from Qualcomm so that is going to
be the extra fast Wi-Fi so you can have
so many bits traveling over the air at
once and also an RTX 4070 and this is a
very very fast 4070 up to 140 Watts now
you don't get a whole lot above 90 100
Watts on these but at the same time
faster is faster and this one's really
really fast also there's AMD radon and
integrated Graphics it's a 780m you can
use that if you like go on an airplane
and want to play a 2d platformer while
on battery for a couple hours you play
some game you guys want to see some
games yeah we're here full screen
recording and like rocket league is not
a demanding game but at the same time
we're easily getting over 200 FPS and
this is working just great the latency
of the
display it's really really good
unsurprisingly a 240 HZ gaming display
is very very good for gaming no I scored
it oh
wow 10 km per hour goal yeah
12 what else do we want to play cyberp
Punk or valheim 22 GB update do valheim
it
is oh yeah this is running great look be
walking along here bam
180 bam that display is instant we are
only getting 70 FPS but we do have it
maxed out this is one of those displays
where you can actually like see what
you're doing while you're flicking like
flick aside from valheim our Labs did
test this cyberpunk 2077 they were able
to get 110 FPS F1
2023 166 FPS and total Warhammer was 78
which means this thing goes pretty
freaking fast and while we did talk
about the keyboard being nice for gaming
we haven't talked about it as just a
thing to type on
it's not bad which is pretty much a
compliment for Razer it's not perfect so
like if we look right here there is a
fair bit of key deflection so if I push
on the side I can basically get that key
Capa down below the chassis before it
actuates almost the larger problem is
that it's not super consistent so some
of these Keys seem be a little bit
stiffer than the others which can make
it kind of difficult to get used to it
that said if your primary use is gaming
it's really good for that the action is
super fast so if you want to do like
super duper quick like you can do that
sort of a thing below the keyboard
though is our massive touchpad and this
is an area that Razer has just been
absolutely killing it for years and
years massive touchpad tracking's
accurate it's really really nice just
use it's one of the best on the market
good
job it sounds very clear but I suspect
that there's going to be no low end when
the drop hits it sounds really nice and
wide like they do have that staging from
THX which is appreciated here
but it's not bad it's not bad it's not
super loud and there's very little in
the way of of Base but at the same time
it's clear it's not
distorting so good job overall up next
is our webcam it's a 1080p webcam so
good stuff there and almost more
importantly it has a little switch on it
so you can just fully disable it
absolutely love that turn her back on
and it looks pretty decent it's doing
quite a good job of exposing for my face
let's turn around here and see if it
still exposes for my
face oh it's struggling pretty hard but
in Ness it is pointed directly at a
studio light move around here figure it
out figure it out come
on there we go it sorted in it it's
getting the color temperature a little
bit strange like I'm I'm kind of sickly
looking at the moment but if if if if we
figure it out if come on come on come
on there we go I gave it a shake now it
looks good again overall it's quite good
but sometimes it does seem to get
confused at T5 screws later that are all
the same size and we are in an
unsurprisingly massive Vapor chamber
this thing has been very well cooled
getting 140 Watts out of a GPU on a
14-in device is incredibly impressive
and the only real way to do that Vapor
chamber and this one is massive all the
way around here up along there down the
sides we've got our fins right there
that exhaust out the back and two great
big fans I'm almost surprised that there
isn't
thir oh my God holy crap Razer you have
done it I was really not expecting to
see upgradeable memory in here it is
something that is just dying out almost
completely especially on Compact and
Powerful 14-in laptops massive Frost so
good guys also upgradeable we've got our
SSD right there and our Wi-Fi card over
here which is awesome so the stuff that
you expect to be able to replace on a
laptop is actually very replaceable and
very easy on this one right here now
down below we have our 68 wat hour
battery which is just excellent It's not
the most battery that you can get in
this sort of a class but you are kind of
trading off the extra GPU horsepower for
just the space that this battery is able
to take up now Razer claims that you're
able to get over 10 hours of battery
life on this thing although that said in
our Labs testing our endurance test ran
for 6 hours and 55 minutes so 7ish hours
is pretty good just not the 10 that
Razer said one final thing that I missed
before is that this does have Windows
hello facial recognition you can see the
little IR blasters right there which is
just the best way to get into a Windows
laptop you just open it up it sees your
face and boomy boom you are in well not
here cuz I didn't set it up but you get
the picture now the tough question
though do you you actually want one of
these it is a really great laptop I do
really like the Razer Blade 14 but it
starts at
$2200 for the 4060 version this one that
we have been showing off with the 4070
and the 32 GB of RAM is
$2,700 now this is a sponsored video so
we're not going to be making any value
judgments here so you can do that for
yourself overall though this thing is a
fantastically built Windows machine that
is great for Content creation and gaming
and huge thanks to AMD for sponsoring
this video thanks guys and thank you the
viewer for watching this video hit like
get subscribed and just have a great all
day see you later